pipeline: outputs: dash0: Added Dash0 documentation (#1532)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/outputs/dash0.md

---
description: Send logs to Dash0
---

# Dynatrace

Stream logs to [Dash0](https://www.dash0.com) by utilizing the **opentelemetry** plugin to send data to the Dash0 log ingress.

## Configuration parameters

| Key                        | Description | Default |
| -------------------------- | ----------- | ------- |
| `header`                   | The specific header for bearer authorization, where {your-Auth-token-here} is your Dash0 Auth Token. | Authorization Bearer {your-Auth-token-here} |
| `host`                     | Your Dash0 ingress endpoint. | `ingress.eu-west-1.aws.dash0.com` |
| `port`                     | TCP port of your Dash0 ingress endpoint. | `443` |
| `metrics_uri`              | Specify an optional HTTP URI for the target web server listening for metrics | `/v1/metrics` |
| `logs_uri`                 | Specify an optional HTTP URI for the target web server listening for logs | `/v1/logs` |
| `traces_uri`               | Specify an optional HTTP URI for the target web server listening for traces | `/v1/traces`  |

> | `tls`                      | Specify to use TLS. | `on` |

Reviewer: We can probably skip this and just reference the transport security section as these are common to all.

| `tls.verify`               | TLS verification. | `on` |

## Getting started

To get started with sending logs to Dash0:

1. Get an [Auth Token](https://www.dash0.com/documentation/dash0/key-concepts/auth-tokens) from **Settings** > **Auth Tokens**.
1. In your main Fluent Bit configuration file, append the following `Output` section:

>    ```text

Reviewer: Indentation and missing closing ``` section

We're also trying to make sure we include YAML as well as classic config so if you can add that?

   [OUTPUT]

>       Name:         opentelemetry

Reviewer: The colons `:` are incorrect here, that's the YAML format :)

      Match:        *
      Host:         ingress.eu-west-1.aws.dash0.com
      Port:         443
      Header:       Authorization Bearer auth_vdOxPqcvSlBkhVQV95wU9TGXh2Fdjliq
      Metrics_uri:  /v1/metrics
      Logs_uri:     /v1/logs
      Traces_uri:   /v1/traces
      Tls:          On
      Tls.verify:   On

> 

Reviewer: Missing closing dashes to end the text box.

---
description: Send logs to Dash0
---

# Dash0

> Stream logs to [Dash0](https://www.dash0.com) by utilizing the **opentelemetry** plugin to send data to the Dash0 log ingress.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Stream logs to [Dash0](https://www.dash0.com) by utilizing the OpenTelemetry plugin to send data to the Dash0 log ingress.
```

It'd be nice to crosslink to the plugin, but not required.

## Configuration parameters

| Key                        | Description | Default |
| -------------------------- | ----------- | ------- |
| `header`                   | The specific header for bearer authorization, where {your-Auth-token-here} is your Dash0 Auth Token. | Authorization Bearer {your-Auth-token-here} |
| `host`                     | Your Dash0 ingress endpoint. | `ingress.eu-west-1.aws.dash0.com` |
| `port`                     | TCP port of your Dash0 ingress endpoint. | `443` |
| `metrics_uri`              | Specify an optional HTTP URI for the target web server listening for metrics | `/v1/metrics` |
| `logs_uri`                 | Specify an optional HTTP URI for the target web server listening for logs | `/v1/logs` |
| `traces_uri`               | Specify an optional HTTP URI for the target web server listening for traces | `/v1/traces`  |

### TLS / SSL

> The opentelemetry output plugin supports TLS/SSL, for more details about the properties available and general configuration, please refer to the [TLS/SSL](../../administration/transport-security.md) section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The OpenTelemetry output plugin supports TLS/SSL. For more details about the properties available and general configuration, see  [TLS/SSL](../../administration/transport-security.md).
```

Reviewer: Let's break any new sentences into new lines as well, makes it easier to review and comment on specific sentences then.

Author: Its how I copied it from another place. You want me to edit it there?

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't stress about editing it in the place you copied from. It'll get cleaned up eventually =)

Author: I preferred to do it now. it feels strange to make the only copy of a sentence that differs from the others that were copied ten times.
